Chess:

Katekyo Hitman Reborn! - I've been thinking about this a lot recently. I drew Tsuna on a throne, all scowly and complainy like your typical tsukkomi. Lambo on the throne arm wearing two crowns.
Obviously one stolen from Tsuna. Which got me to thinking about how the king and the queen in a chess game are so ridiculously underpowered and overpowered respectively. Which got me to fantasizing about an OP Tsuna being called King and Lambo Queen (because adult Lambo is pretty powerful, but kid Lambo should probably stay behind the front lines). Only for the climax to lead to the Vongola court remembering that originally Tsuna was supposed to be Queen! Op, eyy...okay, enough fantasizing about that. Hibari and Ryohei would be towers, Mukuro and Chrome bishops, Hayato and Takeshi knights.

Itazura Na Kiss - Would you hate me if I said I have been writing (with little progress on an actual draft, but much progress on brainstorming) an Isekai AU for this? I'm joining the bandwagon, which has been circling around me for years, it was about time, really. I quite like it, as a story. Not sure about it as a fanfic, but...

Here's the gist: Kotoko, Naoki, Yuuki, and Kin-chan get caught in a magic circle and transported to another dimension where magic exists (of course). Since it's very much like a video game but not at all an actual video game world, they don't get a screen to tell them their roles, so the first part (first book?) is spent with them assuming Naoki is the Hero, Yuuki the Knight, Kotoko the Priestess, and Kinnosuke the Mage.

I think we can all see what's wrong with that last one, but the people who assigned them as such sure don't. After all, Noaoki's so incredible and good looking, there's no way he's not the hero! And Yuki's youth must mean he's optimal for knighthood. There's usually always a priestess, so it's probably Kotoko. And since Kin-chan knows how to cook, brewing up a potion must be no different.

Actually, Yuuki's the Mage. He spends a lot of time on the training grounds' ground, eating dirt because it's super unfair for a trained knight to teach a middle schooler how to fight when the middle schooler just wants to learn magic like every other kid his age would want to! Eventually he runs away from the castle and gets mentored by an old sorcerer in the town. I find it so interesting, I honestly wish this fanfic wasn't about Kotoko sometimes. Maybe a separate fic entirely based on Yuuki would be warranted here.

Naoki's the Knight, which is not simple for him. That, however, is just fine, since for a genius like him most things come too easily already. He kind of resents the knight for chasing his brother away. But resentful allies turned best friends is kinda my favorite trope, so-

Kinnosuke is the Priest, the Sage, the true Miko? No wait, that's not right- So Kami-sama has fallen in love with him. Don't tell anyone, but by the end of the fic I want to establish that, yes, I am implying Chris is actually the reincarnation of a goddess from another dimension. It's my headcanon now, nothing can stop me.

This leaves our dear Kotoko as our Hero. And I want. No I need. I need her to learn that she's the hero, not because she's got to learn of a way to save the world, but because she is the only one of them who could. She doesn't need to change for that, she doesn't need to train, all she needs it to meet the demon king (or whatever, I'm still thinking). We need some Kotoko appreciation, especially since this story is set just after she realizes she and Naoki never registered for marriage. So she's still Kotoko Aihara. (this context may be bound to change)

This also kinda has to do with Chess. I imagined Kotoko as a King of Hearts, Naoki a Knight of Spades, Kin-chan a Bishop of Clubs, and Yuuki a Tower of Diamonds (If this makes sense. It does in my heart).

But this still leaves a Queen, another Knight, Bishop, and Tower out. What happened to them? Well, that's kinda where the demon king comes in. It's really nice, one country, split in half, glued together with the friendship of the King and Queen.

They do have pawns too, and important ones. The Prince in front of the King. The Trainer in front of the Knight. The Mentor in front of the Mage. The Goddess in front of the Sage.
